so the nips are minors general
discomfort in there yes just just on the
second bead so I got it it's just
passing from EEF sure yeah I think media
helps create an environment where people
can experience God you know that that's
our ultimate goal we want people to come
here and encounter God experience him
and I think when you when you combine
the lights and sound and the images and
the stories all that you can do with the
media you know it really engages people
think media can both be used as an
outreach tool and as a tool inside the
church as far as an outreach you send a
video out through the web people watch
it your members can also use that same
tool to catch up on last week's sermon
say they were out you know they were out
of town traveling they were on
Thanksgiving break they can actually
catch up with what's going on within the
church it can be used to reach the lost
you can also be used to reach the
members inside of the church I think the
role of media in churches today is to
provide a relevant experience to to
those who come to church people don't
want to go to church and have this some
kind of antiquated experience while
they're here they want to they want
something that's relevant to the lives
they see things on TV every single day
media is such a huge part of life today
really content is king and something
you're taught over and over
telecommunications wise and our message
never changes but the way we present it
and the way people want to hear it is a
big
a part of how effective the message of
hope can be you know in missions they
they talk about getting to know the
culture that you're going to reach
speaking their language and I think
media really is the language of our
culture today it's the way we connect
with people it's the way that I think we
even earn some respect you know if they
come in to worship and you can
communicate in a way that they're
familiar with they understand I think
they're a little bit more willing to
listen to what we have to say I think
the church needs to kind of adjust their
perception of media a lot of times
churches will see anything new is
somewhat suspect but in the same way
that the church back in the day used the
printing press and printed the words of
God on paper that you know hadn't really
been done before just a way to kind of
get the word out and to spread the good
news of Jesus today we need to use video
we need to use the Internet we need to
use all these these media tools that are
disposal to do the same thing media in
the church obviously is more pronounced
than it ever has been before but if you
think about the fact that somebody wrote
scripture down at one point time I mean
I guess God was the first one to use
media when he wrote down the Ten
Commandments and then the new media of
the day in Rome was when they wrote it
on a you know on a scroll and so now
here we are we can tell people's stories
which really provide hope and and then
with the broadcast aspect to that as
well you can take that message of hope
and put it out quicker than the
any other form of communication I do
think there is a danger that you know
media is a tool that's really all it is
but you can become too enamored with the
tool and forget your bigger purpose of
trying to communicate you know the
message of Jesus and so it's that
balancing act of when is the media
serving our purposes and when is it
becoming a distraction or it's taking
over I believe that you know God wants
us to use the tools that we have you use
the different resources that he gives us
you know just as he sends us volunteers
and just as he sends us a pastor or a
music director he sends us media tools
and media resources to reach those
people as well and I think that's
something you have to constantly
evaluate and be sensitive to but I would
say for most churches the far greater
danger is not utilizing it enough I
think a church needs to weigh their
needs with with media usage it certainly
there are certain demographics that to
lean more towards you know being more
media connected and there are certain
demographics that don't not every church
needs you know three video screens and
live cameras and things like that
because it may or may not be helpful to
that church the whole purpose of media
to me is not solely a ministry in itself
it's a ministry to the other ministries
there's there's a lot of specific
technical training that's required to do
it well you got to do media with
excellence or you lose all the
advantages you know you lose the
credibility and I think it takes special
people to communicate through media or
any other way the message of Christ from
a Christian perspective and correctly to
people who don't understand that you
know you do everything is if you're
doing it for God you know if your church
of 60 or a church of 600 you know you do
it the same way if you lose sight of the
message that matter what your skills are
and if you love the message and don't
have any skills you can't really help
anybody so the two kind of go
hand-in-hand
I really am passionate about people who
feel called to be in media ministry and
I can't think of a better way to use
your creative gifts than to tell the
story of what God's done for us but it's
only going to get better as a useful
tool and as people get more and more
skilled at producing the sort of stuff